packages/share_plus/README.md, before:


[![Flutter Community: share_plus](https://fluttercommunity.dev/_github/header/share_plus)](https://github.com/fluttercommunity/community)

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/share_plus.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/share_plus)


# Share plugin

A Flutter plugin to share content from your Flutter app via the platform's
share dialog.

Wraps the ACTION_SEND Intent on Android and UIActivityViewController
on iOS.

Also compatible with Linux by using "mailto" to share text via Email.

## Platform Support

| Android | iOS | MacOS | Web | Linux | Window |
|:-------:|:---:|:-----:|:---:|:-----:|:------:|
|    ✔️    |  ✔️  |   ✔️   |  ✔️  |   ✔️   |    ✔️   |

## Usage

To use this plugin, add `share` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.io/platform-plugins/).

## Example

Import the library.

``` dart
import 'package:share_plus/share_plus.dart';
```

Then invoke the static `share` method anywhere in your Dart code.

``` dart
Share.share('check out my website https://example.com');
```

The `share` method also takes an optional `subject` that will be used when
sharing to email.

``` dart
Share.share('check out my website https://example.com', subject: 'Look what I made!');
```

To share one or multiple files invoke the static `shareFiles` method anywhere in your Dart code. Optionally you can also pass in `text` and `subject`.
``` dart
Share.shareFiles(['${directory.path}/image.jpg'], text: 'Great picture');
Share.shareFiles(['${directory.path}/image1.jpg', '${directory.path}/image2.jpg']);
```

Commit message:

Update README.md about limitations on Windows and Linux (#179)

packages/share_plus/README.md, after:


[![Flutter Community: share_plus](https://fluttercommunity.dev/_github/header/share_plus)](https://github.com/fluttercommunity/community)

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/share_plus.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/share_plus)


# Share plugin

A Flutter plugin to share content from your Flutter app via the platform's
share dialog.

Wraps the ACTION_SEND Intent on Android and UIActivityViewController
on iOS.

## Platform Support

| Android | iOS | MacOS | Web | Linux | Window |
|:-------:|:---:|:-----:|:---:|:-----:|:------:|
|    ✔️    |  ✔️  |   ✔️   |  ✔️  |   ✔️   |    ✔️   |

Also compatible with Windows and Linux by using "mailto" to share text via Email.

Sharing files is not supported on Windows and Linux.

## Usage

To use this plugin, add `share_plus` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.io/platform-plugins/).

## Example

Import the library.

``` dart
import 'package:share_plus/share_plus.dart';
```

Then invoke the static `share` method anywhere in your Dart code.

``` dart
Share.share('check out my website https://example.com');
```

The `share` method also takes an optional `subject` that will be used when
sharing to email.

``` dart
Share.share('check out my website https://example.com', subject: 'Look what I made!');
```

To share one or multiple files invoke the static `shareFiles` method anywhere in your Dart code. Optionally you can also pass in `text` and `subject`.
``` dart
Share.shareFiles(['${directory.path}/image.jpg'], text: 'Great picture');
Share.shareFiles(['${directory.path}/image1.jpg', '${directory.path}/image2.jpg']);
```
