docs/package_info_plus/usage.mdx, before:

---
title: Package Info Plus Usage
sidebar_label: Usage
hide_title: true
---

## Using Package Info Plus

You can use the PackageInfo to query information about the
application package. This works both on iOS and Android.

```dart
import 'package:package_info_plus/package_info_plus.dart';

...

// Be sure to add this line if `PackageInfo.fromPlatform()` is called before runApp()
WidgetsFlutterBinding.ensureInitialized();

...

PackageInfo packageInfo = await PackageInfo.fromPlatform();

String appName = packageInfo.appName;
String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
String version = packageInfo.version;
String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
```

## Known Issues

### iOS

#### Plugin returns incorrect app version

Flutter build tools allow only digits and `.` (dot) symbols to be used in `version`
of `pubspec.yaml` on iOS/MacOS to comply with official version format from Apple.

More info available
in [this comment](https://github.com/fluttercommunity/plus_plugins/issues/389#issuecomment-1106764429)

#### I have changed version in pubspec.yaml and plugin returns wrong info

As noted on [issue 20761](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/20761#issuecomment-493434578), package_info on iOS
requires the Xcode build folder to be rebuilt after changes to the version string in `pubspec.yaml`.
Clean the Xcode build folder with:
`XCode Menu -> Product -> (Holding Option Key) Clean build folder`.

### Android (and potentially all platforms)

Calling to `PackageInfo.fromPlatform()` before the `runApp()` call will cause an exception.
See https://github.com/fluttercommunity/plus_plugins/issues/309

Commit message:

docs(package_info_plus): Explain why buildNumber return version when no build number defined

docs/package_info_plus/usage.mdx, after:

---
title: Package Info Plus Usage
sidebar_label: Usage
hide_title: true
---

## Using Package Info Plus

You can use the PackageInfo to query information about the
application package. This works both on iOS and Android.

```dart
import 'package:package_info_plus/package_info_plus.dart';

...

// Be sure to add this line if `PackageInfo.fromPlatform()` is called before runApp()
WidgetsFlutterBinding.ensureInitialized();

...

PackageInfo packageInfo = await PackageInfo.fromPlatform();

String appName = packageInfo.appName;
String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
String version = packageInfo.version;
String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
```

## Known Issues

### iOS

#### Plugin returns incorrect app version

Flutter build tools allow only digits and `.` (dot) symbols to be used in `version`
of `pubspec.yaml` on iOS/MacOS to comply with official version format from Apple.

More info available
in [this comment](https://github.com/fluttercommunity/plus_plugins/issues/389#issuecomment-1106764429)

#### I have changed version in pubspec.yaml and plugin returns wrong info

As noted on [issue 20761](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/20761#issuecomment-493434578), package_info on iOS
requires the Xcode build folder to be rebuilt after changes to the version string in `pubspec.yaml`.
Clean the Xcode build folder with:
`XCode Menu -> Product -> (Holding Option Key) Clean build folder`.

#### Plugin returns package version in `buildNumber` when no build number specified in pubspec.yaml

Plugin doesn't modify the output of iOS. In this case `buildNumber` in the plugin is CFBundleVersion in iOS. This property returns version when build number is not specified.buildNumber
See [CFBundleVersion docs](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/information_property_list/cfbundleversion) for more inf.

### Android (and potentially all platforms)

Calling to `PackageInfo.fromPlatform()` before the `runApp()` call will cause an exception.
See https://github.com/fluttercommunity/plus_plugins/issues/309
