packages/package_info_plus/README.md, before:

# PackageInfoPlus

[![Flutter Community: package_info_plus](https://fluttercommunity.dev/_github/header/package_info_plus)](https://github.com/fluttercommunity/community)

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/package_info_plus.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/package_info_plus)

This Flutter plugin provides an API for querying information about an
application package.

## Platform Support
| Android | iOS | MacOS | Web | Linux | Window |
|:-------:|:---:|:-----:|:---:|:-----:|:------:|
|    ✔️    |  ✔️  |   ✔️   |  ✔️  |   ✔️   |   ✔️    |

# Usage

You can use the PackageInfo to query information about the
application package. This works both on iOS and Android.

```dart
import 'package:package_info_plus/package_info_plus.dart';

PackageInfo packageInfo = await PackageInfo.fromPlatform();

String appName = packageInfo.appName;
String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
String version = packageInfo.version;
String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
```

Or in async mode:

```dart
PackageInfo.fromPlatform().then((PackageInfo packageInfo) {
  String appName = packageInfo.appName;
  String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
  String version = packageInfo.version;
  String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
});
```

## Known Issue

As noted on [issue 20761](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/20761#issuecomment-493434578), package_info on iOS 
requires the Xcode build folder to be rebuilt after changes to the version string in `pubspec.yaml`. 
Clean the Xcode build folder with: 
`XCode Menu -> Product -> (Holding Option Key) Clean build folder`. 

## Issues and feedback

Please file [issues](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/new) to send feedback or report a bug. Thank you!

Commit message:

address a few issues and cleanup

packages/package_info_plus/README.md, after:

# PackageInfoPlus

[![Flutter Community: package_info_plus](https://fluttercommunity.dev/_github/header/package_info_plus)](https://github.com/fluttercommunity/community)

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/package_info_plus.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/package_info_plus)

This Flutter plugin provides an API for querying information about an
application package.

## Platform Support

| Android | iOS | MacOS | Web | Linux | Window |
| :-----: | :-: | :---: | :-: | :---: | :----: |
|   ✔️    | ✔️  |  ✔️   | ✔️  |  ✔️   |   ✔️   |

## Usage

You can use the PackageInfo to query information about the
application package. This works both on iOS and Android.

```dart
import 'package:package_info_plus/package_info_plus.dart';

PackageInfo packageInfo = await PackageInfo.fromPlatform();

String appName = packageInfo.appName;
String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
String version = packageInfo.version;
String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
```

Or in async mode:

```dart
PackageInfo.fromPlatform().then((PackageInfo packageInfo) {
  String appName = packageInfo.appName;
  String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
  String version = packageInfo.version;
  String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
});
```

## Known Issue

As noted on [issue 20761](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/20761#issuecomment-493434578), package_info on iOS
requires the Xcode build folder to be rebuilt after changes to the version string in `pubspec.yaml`.
Clean the Xcode build folder with:
`XCode Menu -> Product -> (Holding Option Key) Clean build folder`.

Check out our documentation website to learn more. [Plus plugins documentation](https://plus.fluttercommunity.dev/docs/overview)
