docs/sensors_plus/usage.mdx, before:

---
title: Sensors Plus Usage
sidebar_label: Usage
hide_title: true
---

## Using Sensors Plus

To use this plugin, add `sensors_plus` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml
file](https://plus.fluttercommunity.dev/docs/overview).

This will expose three classes of sensor events, through three different
streams.

- `AccelerometerEvent`s describe the velocity of the device, including the
  effects of gravity. Put simply, you can use accelerometer readings to tell if
  the device is moving in a particular direction.
- `UserAccelerometerEvent`s also describe the velocity of the device, but don't
  include gravity. They can also be thought of as just the user's affect on the
  device.
- `GyroscopeEvent`s describe the rotation of the device.

Each of these is exposed through a `BroadcastStream`: `accelerometerEvents`,
`userAccelerometerEvents`, and `gyroscopeEvents`, respectively.

### Example

```dart
import 'package:sensors_plus/sensors_plus.dart';

accelerometerEvents.listen((AccelerometerEvent event) {
  print(event);
});
// [AccelerometerEvent (x: 0.0, y: 9.8, z: 0.0)]

userAccelerometerEvents.listen((UserAccelerometerEvent event) {
  print(event);
});
// [UserAccelerometerEvent (x: 0.0, y: 0.0, z: 0.0)]

gyroscopeEvents.listen((GyroscopeEvent event) {
  print(event);
});
// [GyroscopeEvent (x: 0.0, y: 0.0, z: 0.0)]

```

Also see the `example` subdirectory for an example application that uses the
sensor data.

Commit message:

docs(sensors_plus): Mention magnetometer on usage page

docs/sensors_plus/usage.mdx, after:

---
title: Sensors Plus Usage
sidebar_label: Usage
hide_title: true
---

## Using Sensors Plus

To use this plugin, add `sensors_plus` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml
file](https://plus.fluttercommunity.dev/docs/overview).

This will expose such classes of sensor events through a set of streams:

- `AccelerometerEvent` describes the velocity of the device, including the
  effects of gravity. Put simply, you can use accelerometer readings to tell if
  the device is moving in a particular direction.
- `UserAccelerometerEvent` also describes the velocity of the device, but don't
  include gravity. They can also be thought of as just the user's affect on the
  device.
- `GyroscopeEvent` describes the rotation of the device.
- `MagnetometerEvent` describes the ambient magnetic field surrounding the
  device. A compass is an example usage of this data.

Each of these is exposed through a `BroadcastStream`: `accelerometerEvents`,
`userAccelerometerEvents`, `gyroscopeEvents`, and `magnetometerEvents`,
respectively.

### Example

```dart
import 'package:sensors_plus/sensors_plus.dart';

accelerometerEvents.listen((AccelerometerEvent event) {
  print(event);
});
// [AccelerometerEvent (x: 0.0, y: 9.8, z: 0.0)]

userAccelerometerEvents.listen((UserAccelerometerEvent event) {
  print(event);
});
// [UserAccelerometerEvent (x: 0.0, y: 0.0, z: 0.0)]

gyroscopeEvents.listen((GyroscopeEvent event) {
  print(event);
});
// [GyroscopeEvent (x: 0.0, y: 0.0, z: 0.0)]

magnetometerEvents.listen((MagnetometerEvent event) {
  print(event);
});
// [MagnetometerEvent (x: -23.6, y: 6.2, z: -34.9)]

```

Also see the `example` subdirectory for an example application that uses the
sensor data.
