packages/connectivity_plus/README.md, before:

# connectivity_plus

[![Flutter Community: connectivity_plus](https://fluttercommunity.dev/_github/header/connectivity_plus)](https://github.com/fluttercommunity/community)

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/connectivity_plus.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/connectivity_plus)

This plugin allows Flutter apps to discover network connectivity and configure
themselves accordingly. It can distinguish between cellular vs WiFi connection.

> Note that on Android, this does not guarantee connection to Internet. For instance, the app might have wifi access but it might be a VPN or a hotel WiFi with no access.

## Platform Support

| Android | iOS | MacOS | Web | Linux | Window |
|:-------:|:---:|:-----:|:---:|:-----:|:------:|
|    ✔️    |  ✔️  |   ✔️   |  ✔️  |   ✔️   |   ✔️   |

## Usage

Sample usage to check current status:

```dart
import 'package:connectivity_plus/connectivity.dart';

var connectivityResult = await (Connectivity().checkConnectivity());
if (connectivityResult == ConnectivityResult.mobile) {
  // I am connected to a mobile network.
} else if (connectivityResult == ConnectivityResult.wifi) {
  // I am connected to a wifi network.
}
```

> Note that you should not be using the current network status for deciding whether you can reliably make a network connection. Always guard your app code against timeouts and errors that might come from the network layer.

You can also listen for network state changes by subscribing to the stream
exposed by connectivity plugin:

```dart
import 'package:connectivity_plus/connectivity.dart';

@override
initState() {
  super.initState();

  subscription = Connectivity().onConnectivityChanged.listen((ConnectivityResult result) {
    // Got a new connectivity status!
  })
}

// Be sure to cancel subscription after you are done
@override
dispose() {
  super.dispose();

  subscription.cancel();
}
```

Note that connectivity changes are no longer communicated to Android apps in the background starting with Android O. *You should always check for connectivity status when your app is resumed.* The broadcast is only useful when your application is in the foreground.

## Limitations on the web platform

In order to retrieve information about the quality/speed of a browser's connection, the web implementation of the `connectivity` plugin uses the browser's [**NetworkInformation** Web API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation), which as of this writing (June 2020) is still "experimental", and not available in all browsers:

![Data on support for the netinfo feature across the major browsers from caniuse.com](https://caniuse.bitsofco.de/image/netinfo.png)

On desktop browsers, this API only returns a very broad set of connectivity statuses (One of `'slow-2g', '2g', '3g', or '4g'`), and may *not* provide a Stream of changes. Firefox still hasn't enabled this feature by default.

**Fallback to `navigator.onLine`**

For those browsers where the NetworkInformation Web API is not available, the plugin falls back to the [**NavigatorOnLine** Web API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NavigatorOnLine), which is more broadly supported: 

![Data on support for the online-status feature across the major browsers from caniuse.com](https://caniuse.bitsofco.de/image/online-status.png)


The NavigatorOnLine API is [provided by `dart:html`](https://api.dart.dev/stable/2.7.2/dart-html/Navigator/onLine.html), and only supports a boolean connectivity status (either online or offline), with no network speed information. In those cases the plugin will return either `wifi` (when the browser is online) or `none` (when it's not).

Other than the approximate "downlink" speed, where available, and due to security and privacy concerns, **no Web browser will provide** any specific information about the actual network your users' device is connected to, like **the SSID on a Wi-Fi, or the MAC address of their device.**

## Getting Started

For help getting started with Flutter, view our online
[documentation](https://flutter.dev/).

For help on editing plugin code, view the [documentation](https://flutter.dev/platform-plugins/#edit-code).

Commit message:

repalce old content with new fluttercommunity plus links

packages/connectivity_plus/README.md, after:

# connectivity_plus

[![Flutter Community: connectivity_plus](https://fluttercommunity.dev/_github/header/connectivity_plus)](https://github.com/fluttercommunity/community)

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/connectivity_plus.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/connectivity_plus)

This plugin allows Flutter apps to discover network connectivity and configure
themselves accordingly. It can distinguish between cellular vs WiFi connection.

> Note that on Android, this does not guarantee connection to Internet. For instance, the app might have wifi access but it might be a VPN or a hotel WiFi with no access.

## Platform Support

| Android | iOS | MacOS | Web | Linux | Window |
| :-----: | :-: | :---: | :-: | :---: | :----: |
|   ✔️    | ✔️  |  ✔️   | ✔️  |  ✔️   |   ✔️   |

## Usage

Sample usage to check current status:

```dart
import 'package:connectivity_plus/connectivity.dart';

var connectivityResult = await (Connectivity().checkConnectivity());
if (connectivityResult == ConnectivityResult.mobile) {
  // I am connected to a mobile network.
} else if (connectivityResult == ConnectivityResult.wifi) {
  // I am connected to a wifi network.
}
```

> Note that you should not be using the current network status for deciding whether you can reliably make a network connection. Always guard your app code against timeouts and errors that might come from the network layer.

You can also listen for network state changes by subscribing to the stream
exposed by connectivity plugin:

```dart
import 'package:connectivity_plus/connectivity.dart';

@override
initState() {
  super.initState();

  subscription = Connectivity().onConnectivityChanged.listen((ConnectivityResult result) {
    // Got a new connectivity status!
  })
}

// Be sure to cancel subscription after you are done
@override
dispose() {
  super.dispose();

  subscription.cancel();
}
```

Note that connectivity changes are no longer communicated to Android apps in the background starting with Android O. _You should always check for connectivity status when your app is resumed._ The broadcast is only useful when your application is in the foreground.

## Limitations on the web platform

In order to retrieve information about the quality/speed of a browser's connection, the web implementation of the `connectivity` plugin uses the browser's [**NetworkInformation** Web API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NetworkInformation), which as of this writing (June 2020) is still "experimental", and not available in all browsers:

![Data on support for the netinfo feature across the major browsers from caniuse.com](https://caniuse.bitsofco.de/image/netinfo.png)

On desktop browsers, this API only returns a very broad set of connectivity statuses (One of `'slow-2g', '2g', '3g', or '4g'`), and may _not_ provide a Stream of changes. Firefox still hasn't enabled this feature by default.

**Fallback to `navigator.onLine`**

For those browsers where the NetworkInformation Web API is not available, the plugin falls back to the [**NavigatorOnLine** Web API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NavigatorOnLine), which is more broadly supported:

![Data on support for the online-status feature across the major browsers from caniuse.com](https://caniuse.bitsofco.de/image/online-status.png)

The NavigatorOnLine API is [provided by `dart:html`](https://api.dart.dev/stable/2.7.2/dart-html/Navigator/onLine.html), and only supports a boolean connectivity status (either online or offline), with no network speed information. In those cases the plugin will return either `wifi` (when the browser is online) or `none` (when it's not).

Other than the approximate "downlink" speed, where available, and due to security and privacy concerns, **no Web browser will provide** any specific information about the actual network your users' device is connected to, like **the SSID on a Wi-Fi, or the MAC address of their device.**

Check out our documentation website to learn more. [Plus plugins documentation](https://plus.fluttercommunity.dev/docs/overview)
