packages/package_info_plus/package_info_plus/README.md, before:

# PackageInfoPlus

[![Flutter Community: package_info_plus](https://fluttercommunity.dev/_github/header/package_info_plus)](https://github.com/fluttercommunity/community)

[![package_info_plus](https://github.com/fluttercommunity/plus_plugins/actions/workflows/package_info_plus.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/fluttercommunity/plus_plugins/actions/workflows/package_info_plus.yaml)
[![pub points](https://img.shields.io/pub/points/package_info_plus?color=2E8B57&label=pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/package_info_plus/score)
[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/package_info_plus.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/package_info_plus)

<p class="center">
<center><a href="https://flutter.dev/docs/development/packages-and-plugins/favorites" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener"><img src="../../../website/static/img/flutter-favorite-badge.png" width="100" alt="build"></a></center>
</p>

This Flutter plugin provides an API for querying information about an
application package.

## Platform Support

| Android | iOS | MacOS | Web | Linux | Windows |
| :-----: | :-: | :---: | :-: | :---: | :-----: |
|   ✔️    | ✔️  |  ✔️   | ✔️  |  ✔️   |   ✔️    |

## Usage

You can use the PackageInfo to query information about the
application package. This works both on iOS and Android.

```dart
import 'package:package_info_plus/package_info_plus.dart';

...

// Be sure to add this line if `PackageInfo.fromPlatform()` is called before runApp()
WidgetsFlutterBinding.ensureInitialized();

...

PackageInfo packageInfo = await PackageInfo.fromPlatform();

String appName = packageInfo.appName;
String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
String version = packageInfo.version;
String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
```

## Known Issues

### iOS

As noted on [issue 20761](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/20761#issuecomment-493434578), package_info on iOS
requires the Xcode build folder to be rebuilt after changes to the version string in `pubspec.yaml`.
Clean the Xcode build folder with:
`XCode Menu -> Product -> (Holding Option Key) Clean build folder`.

Check out our documentation website to learn more. [Plus plugins documentation](https://plus.fluttercommunity.dev/docs/overview)

### Android (and potentially all platforms)

Calling to `PackageInfo.fromPlatform()` before the `runApp()` call will cause an exception.
See https://github.com/fluttercommunity/plus_plugins/issues/309

Commit message:

docs(package_info_plus): Add info about allowed version format, update website doc

packages/package_info_plus/package_info_plus/README.md, after:

# PackageInfoPlus

[![Flutter Community: package_info_plus](https://fluttercommunity.dev/_github/header/package_info_plus)](https://github.com/fluttercommunity/community)

[![package_info_plus](https://github.com/fluttercommunity/plus_plugins/actions/workflows/package_info_plus.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/fluttercommunity/plus_plugins/actions/workflows/package_info_plus.yaml)
[![pub points](https://img.shields.io/pub/points/package_info_plus?color=2E8B57&label=pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/package_info_plus/score)
[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/package_info_plus.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/package_info_plus)

<p class="center">
<center><a href="https://flutter.dev/docs/development/packages-and-plugins/favorites" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener"><img src="../../../website/static/img/flutter-favorite-badge.png" width="100" alt="build"></a></center>
</p>

This Flutter plugin provides an API for querying information about an application package.

## Platform Support

| Android | iOS | MacOS | Web | Linux | Windows | | :-----: | :-: | :---: | :-: | :---: | :-----: |
| ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |

## Usage

You can use the PackageInfo to query information about the application package. This works both on
iOS and Android.

```dart
import 'package:package_info_plus/package_info_plus.dart';

...

// Be sure to add this line if `PackageInfo.fromPlatform()` is called before runApp()
WidgetsFlutterBinding.ensureInitialized();

...

PackageInfo packageInfo = await PackageInfo.fromPlatform();

String appName = packageInfo.appName;
String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
String version = packageInfo.version;
String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
```

## Known Issues

### iOS

#### Plugin returns incorrect app version

Flutter build tools allow only digits and `.` (dot) symbols to be used in `version`
of `pubspec.yaml` on iOS/MacOS to comply with official version format from Apple.

More info available
in [this comment](https://github.com/fluttercommunity/plus_plugins/issues/389#issuecomment-1106764429)

#### I have changed version in pubspec.yaml and plugin returns wrong info

As noted on [issue 20761](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/20761#issuecomment-493434578),
package_info_plus on iOS requires the Xcode build folder to be rebuilt after changes to the version
string in `pubspec.yaml`. Clean the Xcode build folder with:
`XCode Menu -> Product -> (Holding Option Key) Clean build folder`.

### Android (and potentially all platforms)

Calling to `PackageInfo.fromPlatform()` before the `runApp()` call will cause an exception.
See https://github.com/fluttercommunity/plus_plugins/issues/309

Check out our documentation website to learn
more. [Plus plugins documentation](https://plus.fluttercommunity.dev/docs/package_info_plus/overview/)
